Say it. what to do?
Mr. Shun. I just saw it done outside.
you. Right.
fine. It's just to escape.
Mr. Shun, I'm sorry. I was just dragged out by the chairman for a few words.
So when time has passed. What did my mother tell you?
It's Uncle Chang. Say it quickly.
She said that when the recipient is around, let me stay away from fate.
Don't influence her to have a grandson. Find a new agency to get this tested.
By the way, check the source. Okay.
Don't be angry. Today's situation is indeed easily misunderstood.
You still have the nerve to say it. It's not all your fault.
Go back and have the same father and mother as you
Or your half-brother teaches you
What good does it do you to get mad at me?
I can carry on your legacy
I can still talk to your dear brother
double four double play